Guys so let's recap the things we covered so far.
We used create re-act app to create a new voice or platform from react.
And most of the people I know the developers I know they use this.
They just start an application with create app including myself of course.
So we've learned the importance about the imports in REACT to get re-act going.
We created different types of component the components the class component and the function functional
components we learned inside the class components.
Some methods just like the Render to render some information on the screen.
We used GSX And we've learned about some something about GSX that it's kind of a the team will look
like we need to talk about events for example right here.
The synthetic events the unclick and onchange events inside react.
We used state with the constructor and super to use state to handle whatever's happening on the application
to check to modify how the application behaves.
We learned about prop's again constructor super and everything else.
So we what else.
We used some a lot of ESX features like destructuring right here.
This is destructuring.
We used to Filcher and we used that a lot of fire that Aro functions.
So you know we did a lot of things.
And right now if you want with this knowledge this basic knowledge you can just start creating an app
on your own.
Yeah course you can start now.
There is a lot of more.
There's a lot more of react.
So we're going to be this is going to be a long course.
This is just the basics.
Now on the next section we can start with re-act router and Daury.
We're going to cover pretty much the all the functionalities from Briac writer this section this basic
part of the Course is going to be available this exact code is going to be available on get have.
So you can download the basics for this.
All right.
OK so let's go to the next section and start with re-act router.